This work was supported in part by EEC Grant BAP 156 F (CD), NIH Grant DK 30144, and the Texas A&M University Institute of Biosciences and Technology. 
We thank Peggy Janus and Sue Crawford for technical assistance and A.M. Spite for excellent secretarial help. 
We also thank Dr. Max Summers and Verne Lockow for providing us with the pVL941 vector.
Note added in proof. 
Since submission of the manuscript sequences of reovirus X3 and bluetongue virus P have been published. 
In both sequences a motive similar to the putative polymerase site ( fig. 6 ) could be identified between positions 666-769 and 585-739 respectively for the bluetongue and the reovirus.
We thank Biochimie for allowing us to reproduce the figure in this article.
We also thank Kineta for providing us with the expression construct encoding His-OAS1.
Financial support was provided by the Danish Council for Independent Research to PMM and JJ, the Carlsberg Foundation to JJ, and PhD fellowships from Aarhus University to JBP and KHK.
We thank Viviana Sánchez for critical reading of the manuscript, Danilo Segovia for assistance in cloning techniques and Florencia Arezzo for technical assistanceduring M. haemolytica laboratory scalefermentation.
This work was supported in part by a grant-in-aid for the Third-Term Comprehensive 10-Year Strategy for Cancer Control of Japan; Project for Development of Innovative Research on Cancer Therapeutics (P-Direct); Scientific Research on Priority Areas Cancer from the Japanese Ministry of Education, Culture, Sports, Science, and Technology; and the Program for Promotion of Fundamental Studies in Health Sciences of the National Institute of Biomedical Innovation of Japan.
Authors are grateful for the Staff members of Rheumatology Department, Mansoura University Hospital, Egypt for their help in selecting cases under the study.
We wish to thank all the participants for their cooperation in the data collection.
We wish to thank Ashton Trey Belew for help with software development.
This work was supported in part by Middle Atlantic Regional Center of Excellence (MARCE) for Biodefense and Emerging Infectious Disease Research, NIH AI057168 and AI054715 grants C.C.B.
To Aulio Costa Zambenedetti, for the art work, Nilson Fidêncio, Silvio Marques, Tania Schepainski and Sibelli Tanjoni de Souza, for technical assistance.
The authors also thank the Program for Technological Development in Tools for Health-PDTIS FIOCRUZ, for the use of its facilities (Platform RPT09H -Real Time PCR -Instituto Carlos Chagas/Fiocruz-PR).
The authors wish to thank Ming-Wei Guo for reagents and technical assistance.
This work was supported by grants from the Department of Defense (W81XWH-12-1-0139; supporting JLW), National Cancer Institute (K01CA120051; supporting JLW), and by start-up funds from the University of Kansas Medical Center (supporting JLW, HJC, JO, AL).
The funders had no role in study design, data collection and analysis, decision to publish, or preparation of the manuscript.
We would like to thank the KU Cancer Center's CCSG (P30 CA168524) Biospecimen Repository Core and the Fox Chase Cancer Center Biosample Repository Core Facilities for providing the breast tumor samples used in this study.
We would also like to acknowledge the Flow Cytometry Core and the Cell Imaging Core Facilities at KUMC.
We thank Mr. Huihui He for his help in protein alignment analysis.
This work was supported by the Chinese 111 project (Grant B06018), the National Natural Science Foundation of China (Grant 30670084) and the Natural Science Foundation of Hubei Province (Grant 2011CDB444).
We want to thank Mr. Barry Carroll for immunization of rabbits.
We thank Saskatchewan Structural Sciences Centre (University of Saskatchewan, Saskatoon) for help in confocal microscopy.
This work was supported by Canadian Institute for Health Research grant and Saskatchewan Health Research Foundation (fellowship for Dr. Moshynskyy).
Published as VIDO Journal article # 448.
The work described in this paper was fully supported by a grant from City University of Hong Kong (Project No. 9610143).
The author would also like to express gratitude to the student helpers in City University of Hong Kong for assistance offered in the data collection process.
This study was supported in part by the Social Technologies+ Programme funded by Agency for Science, Technology and Research (A*STAR) Joint Council Office, Singapore.
The authors are grateful to Dr Derrick Heng (Group Director of the Public Health Group, Singapore), Ms Ang Li Wei and Ms Cindy Lim of the Singapore Ministry of Health for helpful discussion.
We thank D. Klinger for her excellent technical assistance and are particularly grateful for the dedication and hard work of the staff of the participating general and paediatric practices.
This paper was completed with the support of National Institute of Mental Health grant R01MH070931.
We thank Fan Zhang, Lin Lu, Yong Zhang, and other local investigators and data collection team members.
Funding support came from NIH grants U19AI135995, AI132244, AI132223, U54 HG007480, U19 AI115589, U19AI142790, and contract HHSN272201400048C and grant INTU1901 from the Coalition for Epidemic Preparedness and Innovations.
We thank Kristian G. Andersen for advice on phylogenic analyses and William R. Gallaher for continued intellectual support and encouragement.
Both referees of the paper are thanked for their valuable comments.
Doris Chen is thanked for critically reading and chaperoning the paper.
K. Semrad is supported by a Hertha Firnberg fellowship (T261) from the Austrian Science Foundation (FWF).
We would like to thank Elaine Haddock for her technical assistance in performing experiments, and Anita Mora for graphical support in preparing the figures.
This work was supported by the Division of Intramural Research, National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Disease, National Institutes of Health.
The authors would like to thank Norbert Mencke, Lourdes Mottier and David McGahie, and the kind support of Bayer Animal Health GmbH and Virbac Group.
The authors would like to acknowledge scientists and veterinarians who have advanced the understanding of FeL.
Publication of this manuscript has been sponsored by Bayer Animal Health GmbH.
All authors are members of LeishVet (www.leishvet.org).
The authors wish to thank Ms. Qi Yang, DNA sequencing lab, Morehouse School of Medicine, Atlanta, GA, and the Research Cores at Morehouse School of Medicine supported through the Research Centers at Minority Institutions (RCMI) Program, NIH/NCRR/RCMI Grant G12-RR03034.
Research in the A.W. lab is supported by the Odysseus Grant G.0C49.13 N, and the research Grants 3G.0447.18 and 3G.0448.18 from the Fund for Scientific Research-Flanders.
We apologize for the studies that could not be cited due to space restrictions.
We acknowledge the financial support provided by the National Natural Science Foundation of China (No. 41271009), Program for New Century Excellent Talents in University (NCET-13-0560), and National Key Technology R&D Program (No. 2012BAD05B02).
The authors would like to thank Dr. Ke-Xiang Yu for providing pGEX-6p-1 plasmid and sera against TMUV.
We are very grateful for the valuable contribution of all live poultry traders who participated in the study and all market inspectors who conducted the interviews.
We are also grateful for the valuable contribution of all senior officials and epidemiologists of the Department of Animal Health of The Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development of Vietnam.
Special thanks go to Dr. Van Nam and Dr. Dung Do for their hard work and dedication to HPAI H5N1 control in Vietnam.
We would like to thank the valuable contribution of Kate van Dooren for editing and proofreading the final manuscript.
We would like to also acknowledge the funding received by the Food Agriculture Organization of the United Nations to carry out field.
The authors thank all the children, guardians and parents who participated in this study.
We also thank all the consultants, registrars, nurses, and administrative staff at the Department of Paediatrics, University College Hospital, Ibadan, Nigeria for all the support given for the present study.
We are very grateful for Dr. A.A. Holder at the National Institute for Medical Research, London, UK for his support, discussions and comments to the manuscript.
This work was supported in part by the Japanese Society of Veterinary Clinical Nutrition, Scholarship program.
This study was supported by NIH grants (R21AI109094 and PO1AI06099) and the intramural fund of New York Blood Center (NYB000068).
The authors declared no conflict of interest.
This study was supported by the Ministry of Science and Technology of the Republic of China under Grant MOST 104-2222-E-002-030-MY3.
The author is fortunate to have enjoyed the insights and efforts of many colleagues at The Scripps Research Institute, University of California, Columbia University, and WHO through 20 years of thick (but mostly thin) adventures in pathogen discovery.
Thomas Briese, Mady Hornig, Hilary Koprowski, and Josh Lederberg helped develop the concepts presented here.
We thank Anne Broadwater and Nicolas Olivarez of the de Silva lab for technical assistance with the assays.
We also thank the three anonymous PLoS Neglected Tropical Diseases reviewers whose feedback significantly improved the quality of this manuscript.
We acknowledge the early contributions of Drs.Gene McDonald and Ricardo Silva at St Jude's Hospital, TN, to preliminary clone design.
This work was supported by grants from the National Natural Science Foundation of China (31172350), the Natural Science Foundation for Distinguished Young Scholars of Heilongjiang Province (JC201118), the Agricultural Scientific and Technological Transformative Project (2011GB23260003), and Higher School Science and Technology Innovation Team Project of Heilongjiang province (2011TD001).
The sponsors had no role in study design, collection, analysis, and interpretation of the data, writing the report, and in the decision to publish the results of the study.
Authors would like to acknowledge The Eastern Mediterranean Public Health Network (EMPHNET) for their technical support and Jordan Field Epidemiology program residents for their efforts in data collection.
The author(s) received no financial support for the research, authorship, and/or publication of this article.
New Zealand for generously contributing their testing data and the Veterinary Centre, Waimate for providing detailed access to their clinical records.
We are grateful to Nick Cave for reviewing the clinic survey form.
Funding The author(s) disclosed receipt of the following financial support for the research, authorship, and/or publication of this article: Partial funding for publication was provided by the Institute for Veterinary, Animal and Biomedical Sciences, Massey University.
We warmly thank Dr Andrew Thompson, Dr Lisa Jones and the Australian Society of Parasitology for offering the opportunity to review and discuss this issue of globally emerging relevance with the hope to stimulate the curiosity of young parasitologists in investing more research efforts for studying vector-wildlife interaction in a changing world.
This publication was financially supported by the Autonomous Province of Trento.
Funding for the research was obtained from a Natural Sciences and Engineering Research Council of Canada (NSERC) Discovery grant awarded to Vikram Misra and Integrated Training Program in Infectious Disease, Food Safety and Public Policy (ITraP) funded by NSERC/CREATE.
Arinjay Banerjee was funded by ITraP, Saskatchewan Innovation and Opportunity Scholarship and the Department of Veterinary Microbiology, University of Saskatchewan.
We would also like to thank the Canadian Wildlife Health Cooperative at the University of Saskatchewan for their support and expertise.
The authors extend their appreciation to the subjects for their sincere support and participation in this study.
I would like to thank the Flow cytometry cores are the Singapore Immunology Network and the Singapore Institute for Clinical Sciences for help sorting the T cell clones.
This work was supported by a Commercialization of Technology grant and core funding from the Agency for Science Technology and Research (AG & AB) and through the Singapore National Research Foundation (NRF) Fellowship (GMG; NRF2007NRF-RF001-226).
We would like to thank Dr. John T. Schiller for providing the plasmid pCLucf, Yiming Shao for plasmidpDRV1.0, Yuelei Shen for plasmid pCAGGS, and Xiaoyun Wu for plasmid pSG3Δ Env.
We are grateful for Institut Pasteur for rabies virus strain CVS-11 and BSR cells.
We thank the Shanghai RAAS Blood Products Co.Ltd and Hualan Biological Engineering, Inc for the human serum samples from clinical trials.
This work was supported by National Key Research and Development Program (2016YFC1200904).
The funders had no role in study design, data collection and analysis, decision to publish, or preparation of the manuscript.
This project was funded by a research endowment fund from King Abdulaziz University Scientific Endowment (WAQF), Jeddah, Saudi Arabia under grant No. (WAQF-1435-7B) to AMH.
We are thankful to Yannis Michalakis for discussing experimental design.
We thank Jean-Luc Macia and Christophe Michel for their excellent technical assistance in growing and sampling the plants.
We are grateful to André Moretti of INRA (Avignon, France) for the production and kind supply of the tomato seeds.
The authors thank Dr. Bambi Jasmin of Marshall Farms for contributions on preventive health practices for Class A dogs.
Additional support came from the Medical Research Human Immunology Unit, the National Institute for Health Research, Oxford Biomedical Research Centre and grants 38643 and 37874 from the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation.
A.J.M. and P.B. are Jenner Investigators and P.B. is supported by a Jenner Fellowship.
G.D.T is supported by the US National Institutes of Health, grants RO1AI052779, U19AI067854, AI068618 and AI64518 and the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation (grant 38619).
We are grateful to members of the CHAVI Scientific Leadership Group, N. Letvin, M. Cohen, J. Sodroski, D. Goldstein and G. Shaw for scientific input and for reviewing this manuscript, and to the CHAVI Clinical Core Investigators and their patients for participation in the CHAVI studies cited in this review.
We thank Prof. Shamgar Ben-Eliyahu for his critical reading of the manuscript and helpful advice.
We thank A. Shigeno for technical assistance, Suxiang Tong, Yan Li and Ken Maeda for material information, and K. Barrymore for editing the manuscript.
We apologize to any authors whose work we were unable to cover in this review.