This work was supported in part by EEC Grant BAP 156 F (CD), NIH Grant DK 30144, and the Texas A&M University Institute of Biosciences and Technology.	1
We thank Peggy Janus and Sue Crawford for technical assistance and A.M. Spite for excellent secretarial help.	1
We also thank Dr. Max Summers and Verne Lockow for providing us with the pVL941 vector.	1
In both sequences a motive similar to the putative polymerase site ( fig. 6 ) could be identified between positions 666-769 and 585-739 respectively for the bluetongue and the reovirus.	0
The international phase 3 clinical trial (NCT01610245) referred to in the Discussion section is funded in whole or in part with Federal funds from the US Department of Health and Human Services, Office of the Assistant Secretary for Preparedness and Response, Biomedical Advanced Research and Development Authority under contract HHSO100201300004C.	1
This work was supported in part by USPS grants U01DA024417, R37 DA005147, R01 DA013240, R01 AA09367, R01 AA011886 and R01 MH066140.	1
We would like to thank Prof. Bruno Gottstein (Institute of Parasitology Bern) for the critical reading of the manuscript and his valuable suggestions.	1
This research did not receive any specific grant from funding agencies in the public, commercial, or not-for-profit sectors.	0
However, there is a priori no reason for why scaling up to more wells will not work, although it is possible that scaling-up to higher density formats may present issues with oxygen transfer needed to support cell growth for this in vivo assay.	0
We would like to acknowledge Dr. Maria Carmelita Z. Kasuya (The University of Tokyo, Tokyo, Japan) for the helpful discussions and technical support on this study.	1
During the course of the study, telephone support was only occasionally provided, usually when a parent was collecting the first specimen after an extended period since the enrolment visit.	0
Special thanks goes to Kevin Thuma und Halil Sayar, and the team of Matthias Wenzel (Wenzel GmbH, Munich, Germany) who advanced the project with great enthusiasm and precision in the phase of technical implementation and development of the prototype.	1
Multidisciplinary educational programs were funded primarily by private institutions, such as the Doris Duke Charitable Foundation (Mankoff et al., 2004 ).	0
This study was funded through a grant from the North Dakota State Board of Agricultural Research and Education (SBARE).	1
The IBCs have been central to a transparent demonstration of the ability of the scientific community to serve as responsible stewards of publicly funded research, and in helping to earn and preserve the trust placed in it.	0
This study was supported by Professor Gray's Duke Global Health Institute discretionary funding, as well as funding from the Duke Global Health Institute graduate program and Duke's Bass Connections program.	1
In this context, the media have a vital part to play by raising questions about the common practices of the agency and how it is funded, as well as by monitoring the progress of reform.	0
Research is currently further hampered by the fact that funding bodies often want results in a 1-2-year time frame, which is not feasible for OA outcome assessment.	0
Those destinations that are particularly reliant on funding from their local municipality or other public sector agency may find that this helps them in their longerterm planning.	0
Measures that have the potential to address the above issues in addition to climate change offer no-regret solutions (Hay et al., 2003) and are therefore more likely to be funded (e.g., by donor agencies) and taken up by local agencies, stakeholders, and industry members.	0
The funders played no role in the study or preparation of the manuscript.	0
This work was supported by Science & Technology Development Fund grants 5661 and 185840.	1
The authors are grateful to the patients, controls and their families and the staff at the Mycetoma Research Centre at Soba University Hospital, University of Khartoum-Sudan, for their continued collaboration and generous hospitality during a decade of samples collection.	1
We are grateful to the staff and residents of Jamiyah Home, Bukit Batok Home, and Christalite Methodist Home, as well as the healthcare workers from Tan Tock Seng Hospital for providing serum and PBMC samples.	1
A careful balance needs to be reached between these concerns and the evident positive public health benefit of routine and rapid data sharing.	0
We acknowledged that it would not always be possible to collect an NTS and let parents know we would accept a nose-only swab, and provided a check box on the request slip to inform us of specimen type, consisting of a combined nose-throat swab or a nose-only swab.	0
Authors like to acknowledge the contribution of Dr. Shahul Ebrahim from the Centers for Disease Control & Prevention.	1
The paper has benefited from many useful comments of the reviewers and Dr Geoff Blower.	1
all authors take the responsibility for all aspects of the reliability and freedom from bias of the data presented and their discussed interpretation.	0
B. F. M. is financially supported as an Add-on Fellow for Interdisciplinary Life Science by the Joachim Herz Stiftung.	1
Thanks in part to the availability of severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus (SARS-CoV) bioinformatics and structural data, identification of potential SARSCoV antiviral compounds has moved rapidly.	0
We are especially indebted to Dr. Robert Putnak (Walter Reed Army Institute of Research, Silver Spring, MD) for providing us virus strains and antibodies.	1
We are grateful to Dr Thelma Narayan of the Center for Public Health and Equity, Bangalore, India, for helpful discussion and thoughtful suggestions.	1
The lack of any centralized funding is also an issue, and veterinary medical care is essentially privately funded, which complicates the development of new therapies or research avenues.	0
The subsequent spread of M. gallisepticum throughout North American house finches was uniquely well documented thanks to externally visible symptoms of conjunctivitis, quick identification of M. gallisepticum as the causative agent, and active disease monitoring (2,24).	0
Local politicians can make a huge difference, not just to investment but also to public policy and support for the bureau or DMO.	0
Those destinations that are particularly reliant on funding from their local municipality or other public sector agency may find that this helps them in their longerterm planning.	0
The authors declare that they have no conflict of interests.	0
The investigators were involved in all aspects including protocol design, study execution and oversight and the writing of this publication.	0
The authors thank S. Hill and N. Beavan of FireKite for assistance in the development of this manuscript.	1
The data used to support the findings of this study are included within the article.	0
Findings from our study reinforce the high prevalence and burden of respiratory symptoms, particularly during winter months, in healthy pre-school aged children, and the benefits there might be for improved prevention and control of these.	0
Justine Oliva is supported by a PhD scholarship of the French Ministry of Research and Higher Education.	1
This paper was published with the permission of the Director of VIDO-InterVac, journal series no. 770.	0
We are also grateful for the valuable contribution of all senior officials and epidemiologists of the Department of Animal Health of The Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development of Vietnam.	1
K.C. is a Burroughs Wellcome Fund Investigator in the Pathogenesis of Infectious Diseases.	0
We acknowledge the financial support provided by the National Natural Science Foundation of China (No. 41271009), Program for New Century Excellent Talents in University (NCET-13-0560), and National Key Technology R&D Program (No. 2012BAD05B02).	1
Research in the A.W. lab is supported by the Odysseus Grant G.0C49.13 N, and the research Grants 3G.0447.18 and 3G.0448.18 from the Fund for Scientific Research-Flanders.	1
We apologize for the studies that could not be cited due to space restrictions.	0
The original figure was published in Biochimie with Elsevier as the publisher.	0
Financial support was provided by the Danish Council for Independent Research to PMM and JJ, the Carlsberg Foundation to JJ, and PhD fellowships from Aarhus University to JBP and KHK.	1
Support for core facilities and additional resources were funded in part by NIH/NCRR/RCMI G12RR03062	1
A research assistant provided training in the process of collecting an NTS at the enrolment visit.	0
Both referees of the paper are thanked for their valuable comments.	1
K. Semrad is supported by a Hertha Firnberg fellowship (T261) from the Austrian Science Foundation (FWF).	1
Additional Supporting Information may be found in the online version of this article	0
This paper was completed with the support of National Institute of Mental Health grant R01MH070931.	1
We thank D. Klinger for her excellent technical assistance and are particularly grateful for the dedication and hard work of the staff of the participating general and paediatric practices.	1
In both sequences a motive similar to the putative polymerase site ( fig. 6 ) could be identified between positions 666-769 and 585-739 respectively for the bluetongue and the reovirus.	0
The author would also like to express gratitude to the student helpers in City University of Hong Kong for assistance offered in the data collection process.	1
About the recommended strategy of lysine restriction, there was little information and study to support or verify its potentials in cancer therapy by this time, so that works about the effects of lysine restriction on various cancer types were expected to be flourishing in near future.	0
The authors have no financial or proprietary interest in the subject matter of this article.	0
We thank Mr. Huihui He for his help in protein alignment analysis.This work was supported by the Chinese 111 project (Grant B06018), the National Natural Science Foundation of China (Grant 30670084) and the Natural Science Foundation of Hubei Province (Grant 2011CDB444).	1
The funders had no role in study design, data collection and analysis, decision to publish, or preparation of the manuscript.	0
We would also like to acknowledge the Flow Cytometry Core and the Cell Imaging Core Facilities at KUMC.	1
These changes support the hypothesis of transient overproduction and subsequent regressive events during human brain development.	0
This work was supported in part by Middle Atlantic Regional Center of Excellence (MARCE) for Biodefense and Emerging Infectious Disease Research, NIH AI057168 and AI054715 grants C.C.B.	1
We are grateful to two anonymous reviewers and Richard D. Stevens for comments on an earlier version of the paper.	1
It is generally acknowledged that the critical factor for efficient siRNA delivery depends on the properties of RNAi drug particles in terms of size, charge, shape, velocity and density.	0
Work from the author's laboratory was supported by the National Institutes of Health (NS18596, NS038932 and AI023047) and the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation (RG3522).	1
Besides providing multimedia communication and supporting social networking, WeChat also has "Official Accounts", which serve as channels for publishing articles to the public.	0
The authors are indebted to Professor Paul Yip of the University of Hong Kong HKJC Centre for Suicide Research and Prevention, and the Census and Statistics Department of Hong Kong who kindly shared the data necessary for our analysis.Role of funding source.	1
The Department of Paediatrics and Child Health research award (University of Cape Town) provided funds for this study.	1
he stool sample collection was supported by a fund from the National Natural Science Foundation of China (grant number: 81473022).	1
Internet hospitals sprung up, gaining considerable traction among the public.	0
According to Haodf.com, the very popular internet hospital in China, over 20,0 0 0 physicians offer online medical services to 20 0,0 0 0 visitors daily.	0
Simultaneously, the total number of online consultations exceeded 4.26 million from January 22 to February 25, which increased by 278% compared with that of last month.9 Internet hospitals are running smoothly in China thanks to the following aspects.	0
Last but not least, efficient supervision from public helps to guard the bottom line of safety and improve the quality of online medical services.	0
This research was funded by the Shandong Provincial Natural Science Foundation, China, grant number ZR2017MG011.	1
The new European research agenda for 2014Á2020, entitled 'Horizon 2020', also does not give reference to global health as a priority.More generally, EU-funded research focussing on health systems, public health, and the consequences of globalisation on health is likely to be marginalised in the programme (17) .	0
Notably, it does acknowledge the need for research partnerships with developing countries and the need for research to achieve the Millennium Development Goals (MDGs), the promotion of HIV/AIDS research and the continuation of the European and Developing Countries Clinical Trial Partnership (EDCTP).	0
Conflict of interest and funding,The authors have not received any funding or benefits from industry or elsewhere to conduct this study.	0
This research being reported in this paper was supported by Virbac Santé Animale, Carros, France, (Grant number F-138.420000-75002) a company with financial interest in the subject matter discussed in this manuscript.	1
All research protocols were approved by Universitas Indonesia.	0
We would like to thank Matteo Castelli and Vittoria Gagnoni Schippisi for their technical support.	1
We are very thankful to JEOL UK for access to the FE-SEM-EDX spectrometer.	1
An important advantage of this approach is that HBV-specific TCR-T cells do not recognize circulating antigens and thus they are not inhibited by the high quantity of soluble antigens typically present in the serum of CHB patients.	0
Thanks to their short life span, by this strategy engineered T cells have been adoptively transferred in escalating doses, thus reducing the risk of potential liver toxicity and inducing a progressive immune-mediated viremia reduction.	0
The views and opinions expressed herein are the authors' own and do not necessarily state or reflect those of ECDC.	0
ECDC is not responsible for the data and information collation and analysis and cannot be held liable for conclusions or opinions drawn.	0
We would like to thank Dr Kazutoshi Mori, Dr Hiderou Yoshida and Dr Arnold Rabson for providing the expression and reporter plasmids, Dr Niki Wong for critical review of the manuscript, and Ms Yi Ling Chia for expert technical assistance.	1
The authors thank Ms. T. Inoue for her excellent technical assistance.	1
Acknowledgements JL-S is funded by a Marie Skłodowska-Curie Actions Individual Fellowship (grant 659615) via the European Commission Horizon 2020 program.	1
We thank the referees for their helpful comments.	1
Given the threat of future outbreaks of severe coronavirus disease, including Middle East respiratory syndrome (MERS), it is important to understand the mechanisms responsible for pulmonary fibrosis, so as to support the development of therapeutic countermeasures and mitigate sequelae of infection.	0
The authors deeply acknowledged Dr. Daisuke Fujiwara, Dr. Yuji Morita, Mr. Masaya Kanayama, and Mr. Ryohei Tsuji (Kirin company) for their constructive discussion.	1
We thank I. Cierpka-Leja and S. Lang for excellent technical assistance.	1
We had an intensive review process and would like to thank the authors for their perseverance and hard work to create an excellent contribution to this special issue.	1
These investigations were supported by Grants 86-CSRS-2-2871 and 89-341 16-4675 from the United States Department of Agriculture.	1
Notable percentages of missing data at diagnosis have to be acknowledged for active tobacco smoking (64.7%, n = 33), respiratory functional testing (23.5%, n = 12) with a very few patients having a 6-min walk test, baseline arterial blood oxygenation levels (58.8%, n = 30), CT-scan follow up within 24 months after diagnosis in untreated patients (46%, n = 12).	0