
Acknowledgments，We would like to thank Tanja van der Lippe, Ineke Maas, Andrew Penner, Carsten Sauer, Tom Snijders, and Kristin Turney for their valuable comments on earlier drafts. We benefitted from helpful suggestions from participants in the Population, Society, and Inequality Seminar at the University of California-Irvine, the 2010 "Comparing European Countries: Multi-level, Cross-time" workshop in Hamburg, and the 2011 RC28 Annual Meeting in Essex. We are also indebted to the ASR editors and anonymous reviewers for their exceptionally detailed and constructive comments and suggestions.

Funding，This work was supported by European Science Foundation EUROCORES Programme HumVIB (grant number 460-08-163) and by the National Science Foundation (# SES 0833010).
* Department of Politics and International Relations, University of Oxford (email: Geoffrey. evans@nuffield.ox.ac.uk). The authors would like to thank the anonymous reviewers and, in particular, the Editor, Hugh Ward, for helpful comments and suggestions that have greatly improved the article. 1 David Butler and Stokes Donald, Political Change in Britain: The Evolution of Electoral Choice (London: Macmillan, 1974). 2 Anthony Heath, Roger Jowell and John Curtice, How Britain Votes (Oxford: Pergamon Press, 1985). 3 Geoffrey Evans, Anthony Heath and Clive Payne, 'Class and Party Revisited: A New Model for

ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS，This research has been funded by the Spanish Ministry of Science and Innovation, research grants PSI2008-02916 and PSI2011-27000.
XML document has error! While the level of congruence between one's values and behaviors may explain why more prosocial individuals derive more positive affect from helping behaviors than less prosocial individuals, another explanation can be found in the positive interpersonal interactions that are likely to develop between a prosocial helper and the colleagues receiving help. People with higher prosocial motivation tend to be better helpers because they engage in perspective taking (Grant & Berry, 2011) and pay more attention to others' needs and preferences (De Dreu, 2006). That is, when giving help, such individuals are likely to show more genuine concerns about others, conduct more holistic analyses about help recipients' situations, and provide more effective help. This is likely to induce appreciative reactions from colleagues, as help recipients can infer help providers' motives through the helping process (Batson & Shaw, 1991). When colleagues attribute higher prosocial motivation to the helper, they feel more grateful and admire the helper more (Weinstein, DeHaan, & Ryan, 2010), the experience of which may lead to more genuine expression of appreciation. Help recipients' expression of gratitude may in turn spark a positive spiral of interpersonal interactions between the helper and the recipient, making the experience of helping one's colleagues even more pleasant, further leading to heightened levels of positive affect. Thus, we expect that helping behaviors at work are particularly likely to generate affective resources for those people who have higher prosocial motivation.
We thank an anonymous reviewer for suggesting us to integrate the theoretical work byBolino et al. (2012) and to examine the boundary condition of when helping is more rewarding or depleting.
Acknowledgments，We thank the anonymous reviewers for their constructive comments to the manuscript.
For example, imagine a user who decides that her life will not be complete without doing the following: riding an elephant, holding a baby white tiger, visiting Iguazu Falls, and floating in the Dead Sea (to name some of the more popular options on the website). On the one hand, she might see these as a smattering of four independent events. On the other hand, she might place them into two categories: being around animals and seeing bodies of water. The view she adopts will greatly influence her sense of progress. If she sees Anuj K. Shah (anuj.shah@chicagobooth.edu) is assistant professor of behavioral science, University of Chicago Booth School of Business, 5807 South Woodlawn Avenue, Chicago, IL 60637. Adam L. Alter (aalter@ stern.nyu.edu) is associate professor of marketing, New York University Stern School of Business, 44 West 4th Street, New York, NY 10012. Correspondence: Anuj K. Shah. The authors thank David Grossman, Hyun Young Park, Shelle Santana, Eesha Sharma, and Jane Zhang for their assistance in collecting data and designing studies. They thank the review team for their insightful comments and suggestions.