We would like to thank Tanja van der Lippe, Ineke Maas, Andrew Penner, Carsten Sauer, Tom Snijders, and Kristin Turney for their valuable comments on earlier drafts. We benefitted from helpful suggestions from participants in the Population, Society, and Inequality Seminar at the University of California-Irvine, the 2010 “Comparing European Countries: Multi-level, Cross-time” workshop in Hamburg, and the 2011 RC28 Annual Meeting in Essex. We are also indebted to the ASR editors and anonymous reviewers for their exceptionally detailed and constructive comments and suggestions.
For helpful comments on previous drafts, we thank Victor Asal, Kyle Beardsley, Brett Benson, Philipp Bleek, Robert Brown, Jasen Castillo, Daina Chiba, Jeff Colgan, Alexander Downes, Bryan Early, Erik Gartzke, Francis Gavin, Michael Gerson, Douglas Gibler, Charles Glaser, Jude Hays, Patrick James, Jesse Johnson, Rose Kelanic, Matthew Kroenig, David Leblang, Ashley Leeds, Carla Martinez Machain, Jonathan Markowitz, T. Clifton Morgan, Neil Narang, Jon Pevehouse, William Potter, Daryl Press, Dan Reiter, Elizabeth Saunders, Nikolai Sokov, Richard Stoll, Adam Stulberg, Caitlin Talmadge, ChristopherWay, JessicaWeeks, RickWilson, ScottWolford; seminar participants at George Washington University, Rice University, the Texas Triangle International Relations Conference, the workshop on Concepts and Analysis of Nuclear Strategy, sponsored by the U.S. Strategic Command; and the members of the Program on Strategic Stability Evaluation, sponsored by the Carnegie Corporation of New York.
The authors are extremely grateful to our New York State partners who made this project possible. We would like to thank Terry Salo and Leslie Kellam and their team at the Division of Criminal Justice Services; Daryl Barra and his team at the Department of Health; and the research staff at the Department of Labor for their encouragement, access to data, and complete support. We extend a special thank you to the project co-PI Megan Kurlychek for her support and encouragement on this article. We would also like to thank our editor and four anonymous reviewers for detailed feedback that helped strengthen the article.
The authors thank Neil Morgan, Rebecca Slotegraaf, Rosann Spiro, and the four anonymous JM reviewers for their thoughtful comments. The authors also greatly appreciate the suggestions of Mark Houston, Neal Galpin, Jennifer Klett, Adam Duhachek, Alina Sorescu, and Daniel Smith on prior versions of the article, as well as the generous support of Jonlee Andrews and the Center for Brand Leadership at the Kelley School of Business at Indiana University.
The authors would like to thank the three anonymous reviewers for their helpful comments and suggestions that have significantly contributed to the improvement of this article. This research received financial support from research grant EHU07/04.
This research was supported by a University of Cologne Advanced Postdoc Grant to Roland Imhoff. We would also like to thank Maike Hermann, Anna Monschau and Felix Zimmer for help with Study 4. All materials, data and code are available under https://osf.io/4rmnv.
This research was partially supported by a Victoria Doctoral Scholarship awarded to Clara Cantal. Preparation of this manuscript was partially supported by a Marsden Fast Start grant from The Royal Society of New Zealand (Te Putea Rangahau a Marsden) awarded to Taciano L. Milfont. Clara Cantal and Taciano L. Milfont contributed equally to the writing of this article. We thank Samantha Watson for editing comments on a draft version of the manuscript.
The authors acknowledge grant funding from the Australian Research Council (LP0882549) and funding support from the Australian Red Cross Blood Service as industry partner. The authors thank Ann Wallin for research assistance, Tom Magor, Teegan Green and Daniela Bruce for assistance with the data collection and the three anonymous reviewers for their helpful suggestions.
We thank the Editor and three anonymous reviewers for their useful comments. We also note that a subset of data for Study 2 was collected for the first author’s doctoral dissertation which was conducted under the guidance of the fourth author.
Acknowledgements Financial support from the International Foundation for Research in Experimental Economics is gratefully acknowledged. Thanks also to Jorge Chang Urrea, Pedro Monzo´n Alvarado and Diego Fernandez for outstanding research assistance. We have benefited from comments and suggestions from participants in seminars at Universidad Francisco Marroquı´n, Florida State University, the Economic Science Institute at Chapman University, the International ESA Conference in Chicago, the CeDEx Workshop at the University of Nottingham and the Antigua Experimental Economics Conference.
This work and previous versions of the article benefitted greatly from the comments and insights of Gerald Gamm, Ryan Kennedy, Jonathan Slapin, Kent Tedin, Jerry Wright, and five anonymous reviewers. We gratefully acknowledge the exceptional research assistance we received from Amy Acord, Chris Akujuobi, Bianca Easterly, George Hawley, Amalia Mena-Mora, and Savannah Sipole. This work was supported by a research grant provided to both authors by the University of Houston Division of Research.
This research was supported by grants from the National Science Foundation with award numbers SES-0350748 (Ballinger) and SES-0350565 (Wilcox), as well as by the University of Houston Research Council. We are grateful to Randall Engle and Richard Heitz of the Attention and Working Memory Lab at Georgia Tech for providing us with their “automatic operation span” software (and advice from D. Stephen Lindsay that led us to them). Bram Cadsby, Glenn Harrison, Ondrej Rydval, Tomomi Tanaka, Mark Thompson, two anonymous referees and the editor provided help or useful commentary, and Sharon O’Donnell and Rick Wilson provided valuable advice on software programming. 

Thanks to Hana Brown, Phil Brown, Paul Burstein, James Danowski, Lauren Edelman, Neil Fligstein, Marion Fourcade, Mike Hout, Alex Janus, Ann Keller, Daniel Laurison, Laura Mangels, Isaac Martin, Calvin Morrill, Sarah Quinn, Dylan Riley, Ann Swidler, Margaret Weir, and the ASR reviewers and editors for their comments and assistance. Thanks also to the participants in UC-Berkeley’s Inequality Workshop; Research Group on Multilevel Modeling; Center for Culture, Organizations, and Politics; and Empirical Legal Studies Workshop. Caitlin Green, Sophie Harrison-Wong, Katherine Hood, David Lee, Willie Joe Marquez, Greg Mooney, Kate Sousa, and Shanna Zhu provided incomparable research assistance. Michael Boyle of the NIH Office of Budget and David Cantor and Barbara Harkins of the Office of NIH History provided invaluable assistance with data collection.
We should like to thank Fabio Michelucci for useful discussions. We gratefully acknowledge ﬁnancial support from the National Science Foundation (SES 0551014), the Gordon and Betty Moore Foundation, and the Dutch National Science Foundation (VICI 453.03.606).
We thank Sarah Anderson,Laurel Harbidge, and our anonymous referees for their thoughtful comments. We also thank Joan Barceló, David Carlson, Dino Hadzic, and Jeffrey Ziegler in assisting us with the data collection process. This work was supported by the Weidenbaum Center.We received permission from the Human Research Protection Office atWashington University in St. Louis to carry out these studies prior to carrying them out (IRB protocol #201506136)
The authors want to thank Karlton Lattimore and Divya Natarajan for their language assistance. Financial support came from the Spanish Ministry of Economy and Competitiveness (PSI-2013-44939).
Research supported by Australian Research Council Grant No. DP0450636 to Elinor McKone. We thank Rachel Robbins for providing the dog stimuli, and Stefan Horarik for testing some of the adults in Experiments 1 and 2.
The authors thank Kim Daniloski, Christophe Lembregts, Mario Pandelaere, and Daniel Villanova for their helpful advice at various stages 664 Journal of Marketing Research 55(5) of the research process. They also thank the Associate Editor for thoughtful guidance, as well as the three anonymous reviewers for excellent insights.
The authors thank the editor, three reviewers, Dirk Smeesters, Tom Verguts, Kathleen Vohs, and Luk Warlop for their valuable comments on earlier drafts of this article. The first author was supported by grant G03.91 by the Fund for Scientific Research (Belgium) and grant OT/03/07 and OT/07/13 by the Research Board of the K.U. Leuven. Financial support by Rogil is gratefully acknowledged.
The work in this article was supported by a grant from the Research Foundation e Flanders, 11B0914N (FWO Vlaanderen). The authors thank ‘Motorhuis Felix & Jos’ for providing their facilities to manipulate store messiness
This research was supported in part by the Asian Center for Branding and Marketing and the Research Grants Council of Hong Kong via grants DAG08/09.BM09 and GRF 640509 awarded to the first author; grant HKU 752908H awarded to the second author; and grants PolyU 4-ZZ6C, PolyUA-PK03, GRF 5442/10H, and ECS 5514/12H awarded to the third author. For their help with prior versions of this manuscript, the authors are indebted to Jim Bettman, Bob Wyer, and the members of the review team. Special thanks are also extended to Rashmi Adaval, Amy Dalton, Maria Galli, Jiewen Hong, Tom Meyvis, A Mukhopadhyay, A.V.Muthukrishnan, Jaideep Sengupta, Mark Wu, Rongrong Zhou, Fuzz, Paul, and Spot.
The authors would like to thank Julie Kim for helping to collect data and eyegaze coding. Additionally, the authors would like to thank Ari Eason, Germaine Ancheta, Michael Enright, and Benjamin Glassey for helping to film the videos used for stimuli. Thank you also to all the parents and infants who donated their time to participate in the studies. Thanks to the Early Childhood Cognition Lab and Kristina Olson and the Social Cognitive Development Lab for comments on previous drafts of this manuscript. This research was supported by a grant from NICHD (NIH RO1-HD076949-01) and a grant from the John Templeton Foundation.
The authors thank Rebecca Ratner, Michal Maimaran, Jonah Berger, and the JMR review team for their helpful comments. 
Research for this paper was financed by a PUR grant and a “Rientro dei Cervelli” scholarship. We are grateful to Manuela Raimondi and the experimental laboratory of the University of Parma for logistic support. We would like to thank Olivier Armantier, Anat Bracha, Jordi Brandts, John Kagel, and two anonymous referees for helpful suggestions. We also thank participants at the “6th Nordic Conference on Behavioral and Experimental Economics” (Lund), the conference “Experimental Methods and Economic Modelling” (Capua), the 2011 meetings of the ESA (Chicago) and AIEL (Milan), and a seminar held at the University of Milan for their comments. The usual disclaimers apply.
In addition to the editorial team and four anonymous reviewers, we are grateful to Despina Alexiadou, Timm Betz, Martin Bisgaard, Bill Clark, Jason Eichorst, Carsten Jensen, André Kaiser, Peter B. Mortensen, Oli Proksch, Guy Whitten, and Georg Vanberg, as well as participants of the 2016 Annual Meetings of the Public Choice Society and Southern Political Science Association for helpful comments and feedback.
Haltiwanger thanks the Kauffman Foundation for support. We thank Robert Kulick for his superb research assistance. We thank David Card, Erik Hurst, Ron Jarmin, Alex Mas, Javier Miranda, and participants at the COMP_NET conference in Dublin and the NBER Conference on “The Labor Market in the Aftermath of the Great Recession” for their helpful comments.
We thank Michael Stevenson for helpful comments. This research was supported in part by a University Graduate Fellowship to RGF, Jr., and a National Science Foundation research Grant (0544533) to RBA, Jr..
The authors thank the Institute for the Study of Business Markets (ISBM) at Pennsylvania State University for generously funding this research. This research also benefited from the helpful comments of Ed Blair, Narayan Janakiraman, Aric Rindfleisch, Fred Webster, and Bart Weitz. Jan Heide served as associate editor for this article.
This research was supported by Grant We 1779/5-1 from the German Research Foundation (DFG) awarded to Hannelore Weber. The authors thank Juliane Kranzpiller and Alexander Kaps for their help with the data collection.
We thank Anne Grossetete for assistance with data analysis. Funding was provided by an NSF Graduate Research Fellowship to LG and an Economic and Social Research Council grant to BD.
I would like to thank many people for help on this project and for feedback on early ideas and drafts: Rob Sampson, Chris Winship, Mary Waters, Peter Marsden, Bill Wilson, Todd Richardson, Jens Ludwig, Lisa Sanbonmatsu, Kristin Turney, Derek Kreager, D. Wayne Osgood, and David Johnson. I also would like to thank Eric Baumer and the anonymous Criminology reviewers for valuable comments, and Andy Gladfelter for research assistance. I am grateful to the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development, the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation Health and Society Scholars Program at the University of Michigan, and Penn State’s Population Research Institute (NICHD Award R24 HD041025) for funding and support.
The authors thank Rick Andrews, Richard Schwarz, and Greg Hancock for their statistical assistance. They further thank the editor John Lynch, the associate editor, and the two JMR reviewers for their insightful comments. Financial support from the Lerner College of Business and Economics at the University of Delaware and the Jones Graduate School of Business at Rice University is greatly appreciated. David Mick served as associate editor for this article.
I thank Kevin Clarke, John R. Freeman, Hein Goemans, Stuart Jordan, Jeremy Kedziora, Bonnie Meguid, Michael Peress, Curtis Signorino, Randall Stone, Jay Ulfelder, and especially Mark Kayser, Gretchen Helmke, Alexandre Debs, G. Bingham Powell, and three anonymous referees for excellent comments and suggestions. I am also grateful to Francisco Rodriguez and Arjun Jayadev for sharing data.
We thank Erica Slotter and Laura Luchies for their major contributions to the execution of this study. This research was supported in part by National Science Foundation Grants BCS-1243323 (to P. W. Eastwick) and BCS719780 (to E. J. Finkel). Any opinions, findings, and conclusions or recommendations expressed in this material are those of the authors and do not necessarily reflect the views of the National Science Foundation.
I thank Ronald Edwards and Bliss Cartwright of the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission for sharing their data and expertise. For comments on earlier versions I thank Eileen Applebaum, Paul DiMaggio, Nancy DiTomaso, Frank Dobbin, Tristin Green, Joshua Guetzkow, Michael Handel, Seema Jayachandran, Erin Kelly, Julie Kmec, Jordan Matsudaira, Marjukka Ollilainen, Pat Roos, Paul Segal, Yehouda Shenhav, Steve Vallas, Bruce Western, Viviana Zelizer, and three AJS reviewers. For funding I thank the National Science Foundation, the Russell Sage Foundation, and the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation.
This research was supported by National Institute on Aging Grant R01 AG0123456 and by core grants to the Center for Demography and Ecology at the University of Wisconsin – Madison (R24 HD047873) and to the Center for Demography of Health and Aging at the University of Wisconsin – Madison (P30 AG017266). The first author was supported by a National Institute on Aging Predoctoral Traineeship (T32 AG00129). A previous version of this paper was presented at the 2010 American Sociological Association Annual Meeting in Atlanta, Georgia. The authors are grateful for helpful comments from Julia Goldberg, Heather O’Connell, Jenna Nobles, and James Raymo.
Peter Pal Zubcsek’s work was supported by the Sasakawa Young Leaders Fellowship Fund.
The authors thank the JMR review team for providing valuable feedback on an earlier version of the study.